.
. >>> WELCOME BACK, LOTS OF
>>> WELCOME BACK, LOTS OF BREAKING NEWS RIGHT NOW.
BREAKING NEWS RIGHT NOW. NANCY PELOSI BASICALLY JUST SAID
NANCY PELOSI BASICALLY JUST SAID THE DEMOCRATS WILL NOT MOVE TO
THE DEMOCRATS WILL NOT MOVE TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT, JOHN
IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT, JOHN BRENNAN TOLD ME THAT HE DOESN’T
BRENNAN TOLD ME THAT HE DOESN’T HAVE ANY DOUBT THAT THE
HAVE ANY DOUBT THAT THE PRESIDENT WILL PARDON PAUL
PRESIDENT WILL PARDON PAUL MANAFORT.
MANAFORT. >> NANCY PELOSI SAYS TODAY THAT
>> NANCY PELOSI SAYS TODAY THAT SHE DOESN’T THINK THE PRESIDENT
SHE DOESN’T THINK THE PRESIDENT IS WORTH IMPEACHING.
IS WORTH IMPEACHING. IT IS TOO DI VISIVE, WHAT ARE
IT IS TOO DI VISIVE, WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS?
YOUR THOUGHTS? >> NO SOMEONE ABOVE THE LAW, IF
>> NO SOMEONE ABOVE THE LAW, IF WE FIND HE BROKE THE LAW, WE
WE FIND HE BROKE THE LAW, WE WON’T HAVE A CHOICE.
WON’T HAVE A CHOICE. WE SHOULD MOVE TOWARD A
WE SHOULD MOVE TOWARD A CONCLUSION.
CONCLUSION. I ALSO UNDERSTAND A SENTIMENT
I ALSO UNDERSTAND A SENTIMENT THAT THIS PRESIDENT, AT LEAST HE
THAT THIS PRESIDENT, AT LEAST HE IS NOT WORTH TALKING ABOUT
IS NOT WORTH TALKING ABOUT IMPEACHMENT UNTIL WE HAVE
IMPEACHMENT UNTIL WE HAVE EVIDENCE BECAUSE THE AMERICAN
EVIDENCE BECAUSE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT TO TALK ABOUT
PEOPLE WANT TO TALK ABOUT REDUCING THE COST OF
REDUCING THE COST OF PRESCRIPTION DRUGS, GETTING
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS, GETTING THEIR COMMUNITIES TO CONNECT,
THEIR COMMUNITIES TO CONNECT, THERE IS A LOT WE CAN DO AND WE
THERE IS A LOT WE CAN DO AND WE HAVE ALREADY DONE WITH
HAVE ALREADY DONE WITH BACKGROUND CHECKS AND UPDATING
BACKGROUND CHECKS AND UPDATING THE VOTING RIGHTS ACT.
THE VOTING RIGHTS ACT. I THINK WE WILL STAY FOCUSED BUT
I THINK WE WILL STAY FOCUSED BUT HE IS NOT GETTING A FREE PASS.
HE IS NOT GETTING A FREE PASS. >> WHERE IS THE BAR, SHE SAYS
>> WHERE IS THE BAR, SHE SAYS IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE THAT
IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE THAT UNLESS THERE IS SOMETHING
UNLESS THERE IS SOMETHING BIPARTISAN, I DON’T THINK WE
BIPARTISAN, I DON’T THINK WE SHOULD GO DOWN THAT PATH BECAUSE
SHOULD GO DOWN THAT PATH BECAUSE IT DIVIDES THE COUNTRY AND HE IS
IT DIVIDES THE COUNTRY AND HE IS JUST NOT WORTH IT.
JUST NOT WORTH IT. BIPARTISAN IS AN OPERATIVE WORD
BIPARTISAN IS AN OPERATIVE WORD IN THAT SENTENCE.
IN THAT SENTENCE. YOU MIGHT FIND CRIMES, BUT DO
YOU MIGHT FIND CRIMES, BUT DO YOU THINK THERE WILL BE A
YOU THINK THERE WILL BE A BIPARTISAN CONSENSUS TO IMPEACH
BIPARTISAN CONSENSUS TO IMPEACH HIM?
HIM? OR IF MUELLER COMES OUT WITH
OR IF MUELLER COMES OUT WITH SOMETHING EGREGIOUS IN THAT
SOMETHING EGREGIOUS IN THAT REPORT?
REPORT? >> THE VOTERS WILL CONTINUE TO
>> THE VOTERS WILL CONTINUE TO THROW OUT ANYONE THAT DOESN’T
THROW OUT ANYONE THAT DOESN’T STAND UP TO HIM.
STAND UP TO HIM. I THINK IT IS ALSO AN INDICTMENT
I THINK IT IS ALSO AN INDICTMENT ON SO MANY THAT ARE SO UNWILLING
ON SO MANY THAT ARE SO UNWILLING TO HOLD THIS PRESIDENT ACCOUNT
TO HOLD THIS PRESIDENT ACCOUNT POSSIBLE.
POSSIBLE. CAN WE SAY HIS CONDUCT AFFECTS
CAN WE SAY HIS CONDUCT AFFECTS THEY’RE EVERY DAY LIVES?
THEY’RE EVERY DAY LIVES? IS HE SELLING HOTEL ROOMS TO
IS HE SELLING HOTEL ROOMS TO FOREIGN NATIONALS TO BENEFIT
FOREIGN NATIONALS TO BENEFIT HIMSELF AND HIS FAMILY, IS HE
HIMSELF AND HIS FAMILY, IS HE DIED TO A FOREIGN ADVERSARY.
DIED TO A FOREIGN ADVERSARY. WE’RE NOT GOING TO DO DONALD
WE’RE NOT GOING TO DO DONALD TRUMP JUSTICE FOR TRUMP.
TRUMP JUSTICE FOR TRUMP. WE’RE GOING TO FOLLOW THE RULE
WE’RE GOING TO FOLLOW THE RULE OF LAW THAT HE IS SO UNWILLING
OF LAW THAT HE IS SO UNWILLING TO FOLLOW.
TO FOLLOW. >> BUT IF YOU NEED BIPARTISAN
>> BUT IF YOU NEED BIPARTISAN SUPPORT, DOES THAT MEAN EVERYONE
SUPPORT, DOES THAT MEAN EVERYONE HAS TO WAIT FOR THE ELECTION AND
HAS TO WAIT FOR THE ELECTION AND LET THE VOTERS DECIDE?
LET THE VOTERS DECIDE? >> I STILL HAVE HOPE, CALL ME
>> I STILL HAVE HOPE, CALL ME NAIVE, THAT REPUBLICANS WILL SEE
NAIVE, THAT REPUBLICANS WILL SEE THIS CONDUCT IF IT CROSSES THE
THIS CONDUCT IF IT CROSSES THE LINE THEY WILL STEP FORWARD AND
LINE THEY WILL STEP FORWARD AND THEY WILL DO WHAT THEY HAVE TO
THEY WILL DO WHAT THEY HAVE TO DO.
DO. MAYBE IT IS BETTER FOR THE
MAYBE IT IS BETTER FOR THE VOTERS TO THROW HIM OUT.
VOTERS TO THROW HIM OUT. DONALD TRUMP WILL NOT BE THE
DONALD TRUMP WILL NOT BE THE PRESIDENT IN 2021.
PRESIDENT IN 2021. ASIDE FROM THE CORRUPTION WE’RE
ASIDE FROM THE CORRUPTION WE’RE SEEING, TOO MANY PEOPLE PROMISED
SEEING, TOO MANY PEOPLE PROMISED THEY WOULD DO BETTER AND INSTEAD
THEY WOULD DO BETTER AND INSTEAD THEY HAVE A TOP FLOOR ECONOMY.
THEY HAVE A TOP FLOOR ECONOMY. ALL OF THE BENEFITS HAVE STAYED
ALL OF THE BENEFITS HAVE STAYED ON THE TOP FLOOR, WE CAN INDICT
ON THE TOP FLOOR, WE CAN INDICT HIM AND MAKE THAT CASE.
HIM AND MAKE THAT CASE. >> WHAT ABOUT THE HUSH MONEY
>> WHAT ABOUT THE HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS?
PAYMENTS? >>
>> >>.
>>. >> I THINK HE MAY BE GOING TO
>> I THINK HE MAY BE GOING TO JAIL FOR THAT.
JAIL FOR THAT. >> BUT THAT’S NOT A CRIME THAT
>> BUT THAT’S NOT A CRIME THAT WOULD MAKE YOU PUT POLITICS
WOULD MAKE YOU PUT POLITICS SECOND AND THE CONSTITUTION
SECOND AND THE CONSTITUTION FIRST?
FIRST? >>
>> >>.
>>. >> IT IS CERTAINLY A CRIME THAT
>> IT IS CERTAINLY A CRIME THAT WE SHOULD PURSUE, BUT I DON’T
WE SHOULD PURSUE, BUT I DON’T THINK THAT IS ALL WE HAVE AND I
THINK THAT IS ALL WE HAVE AND I THINK WE HAVE PLENTY OF OTHER
THINK WE HAVE PLENTY OF OTHER STUFF TO LOOK AT, I THINK THE
STUFF TO LOOK AT, I THINK THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT US TO FOCUS
AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT US TO FOCUS ON WHAT HE PROMISED THEM.
ON WHAT HE PROMISED THEM. CONNECTING THE DISCONNECT,
CONNECTING THE DISCONNECT, MAKING SURE THE COMMUNITIES ALL
MAKING SURE THE COMMUNITIES ALL HAVE GOOD SCHOOLS, FREE FROM GUN
HAVE GOOD SCHOOLS, FREE FROM GUN VIOLENCE, THAT IS WHAT WE WILL
VIOLENCE, THAT IS WHAT WE WILL FOCUS ON, BUT HE IS DIFFERENT
FOCUS ON, BUT HE IS DIFFERENT FROM WHAT HE WAS IN THE LAST FEW
FROM WHAT HE WAS IN THE LAST FEW YEARS.
YEARS. NOW QUESTION CHECK AND PUT
NOW QUESTION CHECK AND PUT BALANCES AGAINST HIM AND THAT IS
BALANCES AGAINST HIM AND THAT IS A BETTER PLACE THAN WE WERE
A BETTER PLACE THAN WE WERE BEFORE.
BEFORE. >> ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT THE
>> ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT THE PRECEDENT THAT REPUBLICANS SET
PRECEDENT THAT REPUBLICANS SET FIRST AND NOW REPUBLICANS MIGHT
FIRST AND NOW REPUBLICANS MIGHT BE SETTING AS WELL FOR WHAT THE
BE SETTING AS WELL FOR WHAT THE BAR IS FOR IMPEACHMENT FOR A
BAR IS FOR IMPEACHMENT FOR A FUTURE PRESIDENT?
FUTURE PRESIDENT? IF THIS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
IF THIS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, THERE IS A NUMBER OF
STATES, THERE IS A NUMBER OF ALLEGATIONS OUT THERE, BUT EVEN
ALLEGATIONS OUT THERE, BUT EVEN JUST WITH THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE
JUST WITH THE CAMPAIGN FINANCE VIOLATION, IF THAT ISN’T ENOUGH,
VIOLATION, IF THAT ISN’T ENOUGH, ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT WHAT
ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT WHAT THAT MEANS GOING FORWARD?
THAT MEANS GOING FORWARD? >>
>> >>.
>>. >> YEAH, I KNOW WHAT WE DO SETS
>> YEAH, I KNOW WHAT WE DO SETS THE PRECEDENT FOR FUTURE
THE PRECEDENT FOR FUTURE ADVISORS.
ADVISORS. SO YOU CAN AT LEAST GO TO THAT
SO YOU CAN AT LEAST GO TO THAT LINE.
LINE. I KNOW SPEAKER PELOSI IS GOG
I KNOW SPEAKER PELOSI IS GOG COGNIZANT OF THAT.
COGNIZANT OF THAT. WHAT WE SHOULD LOOK AT PRIMARILY
WHAT WE SHOULD LOOK AT PRIMARILY IS DOES HIS CONDUCT AFFECT OUR
IS DOES HIS CONDUCT AFFECT OUR RULE OF LAW.
RULE OF LAW. DOES IT AFFECT OUR NATIONAL
DOES IT AFFECT OUR NATIONAL SECURITY IN THAT HE IS
SECURITY IN THAT HE IS FINANCIALLY COMPROMISED.
FINANCIALLY COMPROMISED. THAT’S WHAT I THINK WE SHOULD
THAT’S WHAT I THINK WE SHOULD FOCUS ON THE MOST.
FOCUS ON THE MOST. IF HE CROSSED THOSE LINES WE
IF HE CROSSED THOSE LINES WE WILL HAVE TO SUPPORT TO IMPEACH.
WILL HAVE TO SUPPORT TO IMPEACH. THERE ARE OTHER ISSUES I THINK
THERE ARE OTHER ISSUES I THINK WE SHOULD BE FOCUSED ON AND HE
WE SHOULD BE FOCUSED ON AND HE HAS A CHECK ON HIM THAT HE
HAS A CHECK ON HIM THAT HE DIDN’T HAVE BEFORE AND I THINK
DIDN’T HAVE BEFORE AND I THINK WE CAN BREATHE A SIGH OF RELIEF.
WE CAN BREATHE A SIGH OF RELIEF. >> ARE YOU GOING TO RUN FOR
>> ARE YOU GOING TO RUN FOR PRESIDENT.
PRESIDENT. >> >> I’M CLOSE, I SEE SO MANY
>> >> I’M CLOSE, I SEE SO MANY PEOPLE WORK HARD BUT THEY SEE A
PEOPLE WORK HARD BUT THEY SEE A PROMISE OF AMERICA IS NOT COMING
PROMISE OF AMERICA IS NOT COMING TO THEM.
TO THEM. I WAS THE FIRST IN MY FAMILY TO
I WAS THE FIRST IN MY FAMILY TO GO TO COLLEGE.
GO TO COLLEGE. I SIGH IT ACROSS AMERICA THAT IS
I SIGH IT ACROSS AMERICA THAT IS NOT TRUE IN TOO MANY PLACES.
NOT TRUE IN TOO MANY PLACES. I THINK BEING GENERATIONAL,
I THINK BEING GENERATIONAL, BRING OPTIMISM, GO BIG AND BE
BRING OPTIMISM, GO BIG AND BE BOLD SOLUTION SO SO MANY MUCHES
BOLD SOLUTION SO SO MANY MUCHES ISSUES --
ISSUES -- >> SOUNDS LIKE YOU’RE CLOSE TO A
>> SOUNDS LIKE YOU’RE CLOSE TO A YES?
YES? >> YOU’RE GETTING ME PRETTY
>> YOU’RE GETTING ME PRETTY CLOSE HERE, KATY, BUT I WILL